docs: upgrade build a blog to v0.19.2 and make edits (#1987)
tendermint/starport: docs/guide/blog/index.md

**Note:** All the functions in this chapter can be scaffolded with a single command but instead we will learn how to add each functionality individually. 

## Prerequisites 

> This series of tutorials is based on a specific version of Starport, so to install Starport v0.19.1 use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial is based on a specific version of Starport, so to install Starport v0.19.1 use the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: I think @barriebyron meant - the 3 tutorials on Blog we have.

Every module has a handler function like this to process messages and call keeper methods.

> ## Define Messages

Reviewer: Messages were "defined" earlier, here we define the logic of message handlers.

Reviewer 2: Lets say: 

## Define Messages Logic

> ## Define Messages

Author: ```suggestion
## Process Messages
```

  ctx := sdk.UnwrapSDKContext(goCtx)
  // Create variable of type Post
  var post = types.Post{

>      Creator: msg.Creator,

Reviewer 2: The indentation was correct. We should revert to the original.

Author: this isn't an indentation issue, was likely a merge conflict
